Yui, use this.
I'm going to transfer the code.
We're about to be teleported.
Daddy, your hand!
Daddy... Daddy!
Yui?
--Where are we?
--I don't know. There's no mapping data.
--Do you know where Asuna is?
--Yes.
She's close... Very close.
This way!
This is the top of the World Tree?
The Floating City isn't up here...
Some "Grand Quest."
Everything was a lie.
I won't let him get away with this!
Oh, right...
It can wait until we save Asuna.
The feelings I've hidden
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
Seeking only a miracle, I wander
through an endless darkness
If I stay here, I won't
ever see the future again
Tonight the moon summons me again.
Though I still cannot speak,
I keep crying out in my heart
My hidden feelings
are crying out in pain
Holding a sure promise in my hand
If I can stay stronger a bit longer,
I will go beyond
this sky right in front of me
I will reach out towards
the future ahead of me
"Gilded Hero"
Mommy!
Yui!
Mommy...
Yui...
Mommy... Mommy!
Kirito.
Asuna.
I'm sorry I'm late.
I believed in you... I knew
you'd come to save me.
Now, let's go home together.
Yeah.
Yui, can you log out Asuna?
Mommy's status is locked down by complicated codes.
We'll need a system console to dispel them.
I saw one in the lab--
What?
Yui... What's going on?
Daddy! Mommy!
Be careful...
Something bad is coming.
--Yui!
Asuna...
What a surprise...
I didn't expect to see a cockroach
in my little bird's cage.
Are you...
...Sugou?
I'd prefer you not use that name in this world.
Call me His Highness, Fairy King Oberon!
Kirito!
How is it? You can barely move, right?
This is gravity magic, coming out in the
next update. Maybe it's a little overpowered?
Stop it... You coward!
That said, Kirigaya...
Or do you prefer Kirito?
How did you get up here?
I saw a strange program running just now.
I flew with these wings...
It doesn't matter.
I can just ask your mind directly.
What?
You didn't really think I set this
entire thing up for fun, did you?
Three hundred former SAO players...
Thanks to their dedicated cooperation,
the fundamental technology for emotion and
thought control is already 80 percent complete.
I'll achieve what no one ever has,
control of the human soul!
The power of a god!
And soon, that power will be mine!
Seriously, thank goodness
for virtual worlds!
Sugou!
You'll never get away with this. Never!
Who's going to stop me?
Sadly, there's no God in this world.
Except for me!
Now, before I begin altering your souls,
let's have a fun party!
You bastard, what are you...
Now!
Great! I love it! NPC women
just can't make that face...
What a lovely smell. Replicating your scent
from the real world was hard.
I hope you appreciate how much work it took
to get an analyzer into your hospital room...
Stop it.
Sugou...
My, my...
Onlookers can just grovel
on the ground! Writhing!
Kirito!
System command!
Change pain absorber
from level 10 to level 8.
Hurts, no?
I'll gradually let the pain increase,
so look forward to that.
Of course, below level 3,
it will start to affect your physical body.
Now then...
Stop it, Sugou...
It's all right, Kirito.
He can't hurt me by doing this.
That's what I hoped you'd say...
How long will you maintain your pride?
Thirty minutes? An hour?
Try to hold on to it as long as you can!
Shall I tell you what I'm thinking?
Once I've had my fun here,
I'll go to your hospital room.
I'll play a recording of today on
a big monitor, and we can enjoy ourselves.
With your real body.
S-Sweet...
So sweet!
Sugou, you bastard!
Bastard!
You bastard, I'll kill you!
I'll kill you no matter what!
Is this my punishment?
For thinking that I was the
game's strongest hero?
That I could save Asuna alone?
Even though
I have no power at all...
Are you going to run away?
That's not it...
I'm going to accept reality.
Are you going to surrender?
To the power of a system you once denied.
I don't have a choice.
I'm a player, and he's a GM.
Those words make
a mockery of our battle.
Our battle that proved human
will superior to the system,
and awakened me to
the possibilities of the future.
You're...
Stand up, Kirito!
Your attacks have no soul...
The blades in that world hit harder...
They hurt way more!
I guess some odd bugs are still left.
System login...
ID Heathcliff.
Wh-What?
What is that ID?
System command.
Enable administrator privileges.
Set ID Oberon to level 1.
An ID that outranks mine?
That's impossible!
I am the ruler! The creator!
King of this world! God!
No, you're not.
You stole it... This world.
And its people.
You're a king of thieves,
alone upon a stolen throne!
Y-You stupid kid...
How... How dare you
talk to me like that?
System command.
Generate object ID Excalibur.
Do as I say, you piece of crap!
These... These are God's orders!
Wait a bit longer, okay?
I'll end this right away.
System command!
Generate object ID Excalibur!
So a single command is all it takes
to summon a legendary weapon?
It's time to settle the score.
Between the king of thieves
and a gilded hero!
System command.
Set pain absorber to level 0.
Wh-What?
Don't run away.
That man never flinched
no matter what happened.
Not Akihiko Kayaba!
K-Kaya...
Kayaba!
I see... That ID was...
Why? Why do you still
thwart me, even after death?
You're always this way!
Acting like you know everything!
Taking everything I want!
Sugou... It's not that I can't relate.
I also lost to him and had
to become his subordinate.
However, I never wanted to be him.
Unlike you...
You goddamned brat!
Damn it all!
That hurt!
Oh, that hurt?
But you've hurt Asuna
way more!
My hand!
I believed in you.
No, I still do.
I always have and always will.
That you're my hero.
That you'll always come save me.
That isn't true.
I... I don't have any power at all.
But I'll do my best to be that way.
Yeah.
Now, let's go home.
It's probably nighttime
in the real world.
But I'll go to your hospital room soon.
I'll be waiting.
You're the first person I want to see.
It's finally over, isn't it?
I can return to the real world.
"End all services and execute log out."
That's right.
You'll be surprised
how much has changed.
Let's go to all kinds of places
and do all kinds of things.
Yeah, definitely.
It's all over now.
Isn't it?
You're there, aren't you, Heathcliff?
It's been a while, Kirito.
You're alive?
You could say I am,
or you could say I'm not.
I am an echo of the mind that
was Akihiko Kayaba. An afterimage.
As usual, you're not
making much sense.
Well, I guess I'll thank you.
--No need for thanks.
--Why?
Our relationship isn't so close that
we'd exchange favors for free.
There is a price. Always.
What do you want me to do?
--What's this?
--The beginning of a world, "the Seed."
Once it sprouts,
you'll understand what it is.
What to do then is up to you.
You can delete and forget it.
However, if you have any feelings
left for that world besides hatred...
I'll be going then.
I hope we meet again, Kirito.
Yui! Are you okay, Yui?
Daddy!
You're safe! I'm so glad...
Yes. I took shelter in your
NerveGear's local memory.
--Where's Mommy?
--She went back to the real world.
Really?
I'm so glad!
I'm so glad... I really am!
We'll be back to see you soon.
But what will happen to this world?
My core program is inside your
NerveGear. We'll always be together.
Then I'll be going to
welcome back Mommy.
Okay, Daddy! I love you!
"Are you sure you want to log out?"
I-I'm sorry... You didn't
come back, so I got worried.
Sorry it took so long.
Is it all over?
Yeah, it is.
Everything.
That's great!
Thank you...
Thank you so much, Sugu.
I couldn't have done
anything without you.
No...
It made me happy to be able
to help you in your world.
You got Asuna back, didn't you?
Yeah, finally.
She's finally back.
Sugu, I...
Go see her.
I'm sure she's waiting for you.
I-It's cold...
Snow.
Be careful. Say hi to Asuna for me.
Higher and higher, I reach out my arms
Yeah, I'll introduce you properly soon.
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
These endless feelings were
swallowed up into my daily life
Swaying as they
change shape yet again
Is it too late now? I ask
myself but receive no answer
It's all up to me now,
both the ending and the beginning
Higher and higher,
I reach out my arms
I'm going to spread my wings
and head towards that gentle light
Carrying the passion
I've lit in my heart
"Surely, surely..."
I'll wish for it once again
Next Time: "The World Seed."